1. If I tried to implement a solution using “brute force”, would it work effectively? Why or why not?
   For the proof of work portion of this project we have to mine in order to find a valid hash.
   this does require brute force that meets the difficulty level but as the
   level of difficulty increases so does the time required to find valid nonce.
   Brute force does work but its very slow and that is good for security reasons.
   
2. Did your solution work effectively to solve your problem? Why or why not?
   Mostly. Incorporating proper block and blockchain structure alongside proof of work with mining
   and a transaction system with inputs, outputs, updates, and signatures the program works.
   
3. What are some of the issues with your solution?
    For my solution the secuirity would not work in a real case cryptography system as
    the signatures are faked. Also I did not use any networking and its all running in memory.
   
4. What are some of the edge cases with your solution?
   Edge cases to consider: timestamps, insufficient funs, signature issues, duplicate UTXO, chain replacement.
   For timestamps they can be invalid if blocks are generated during the 60 second check. When transactions
   are done and fail an exception is thrown but there isnt anything more to that like error recovery. Signatures are faked.
   And there arent checks for spending the same UTXO in two transactions at the same time.
   Also Chain replacement is simulated so in real world enviroment where you are alongside other peers
   there would be conflicting chains.
   
5.How might you improve your idea in the future?
 In the future I would improve the transaction management and clean up the performance for mining to make it more
realistic. I could also implement a wallet system where the user actually has real private and public keys
and the wallet can manage those and track balances. A GUI would also complete the project as users would be
able to send and recieve coins and this would simulate something closer to a real world cryptocurrency application.
